Algos first introductory assignment (#213)
CooperUnion/selfdrive: docs/algos_a1.md

Reviewer: Let's move this to `/docs/concepts/blob-detection.md`.

> # BLOB DETECTION Assignment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Blob Detection
```

## Introduction

> The supplementary python material is so that you’re familiar with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supplementary Python material is so that you’re familiar with the
```

language itself. This tutorial is to learn about one specific library
this team utilizes often: OpenCV and a common sensor we use in our

> projects: stereo camera.

Reviewer: "... learn how to utilize OpenCV with a stereo camera for blob detection."

> Why do we use a stereo camera?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Why do we use a stereo camera?*
```

The primary reason is for depth estimation. Let’s say there is a human

> standing in the road and we want to stop before we hit him. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standing in the road and we want to stop before we hit them. You can
```
Please try to be gender neutral.

imagine it would be useful to know how far we are from that person.
Stereo cameras allow us to have this information. You can think of them
as the “eyes” of a human driver.

## Getting Started

> ### Python Virtual Enviornment (venv)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Python Virtual Environment
```

A common practice that most python programmers use is creating a virtual
environment. This ensures we are running the correct version of a

> package regardless of what is already on the system.

Reviewer: "... virtual environment, known as a venv for short."

> To create a virtual environment use the following command (you should
> already have python installed):
> 
> `python3 -m venv venv`
> 
> To activate the virtual environment:
> 
> `source venv/bin/activate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a venv with the following:

`$ python3 -m venv .venv`

And then activate it with the following:

`$ source .venv/bin/activate`
```

Reviewer: Usually we prefix shell commands with a `$` to signify they're to be run in a shell.

> ### ZED SDK Installation (in a venv)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ZED SDK Installation
```

[Download the ZED SDK](https://www.stereolabs.com/developers/release)

[Install the python API](https://www.stereolabs.com/docs/app-development/python/install)

The script to install the python API will be the ZED SDK installation

> folder, Make sure you install it while your in your activated virtual
> environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folder, Make sure you install it while you're inside a venv.
```

Its recommended you at least install the sample tutorials that the ZED

> sdk provides as a reference for this assignment and any future projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK provides as a reference for this assignment and any future projects
```

using the ZED.

## Project

*P1*: Use the OpenCV library to detect the big green circle only. Draw a
bounding box around it! Break down the elements that uniquely identify
the target (the big green circle). It is highly recommended you use

> [this function](https://learnopencv.com/blob-detection-using-opencv-python-c/):

Reviewer: I'd say name the function and link it to the current Python API.

> ![Image](./algos_a1.d/AL_OpenCv_A1_Image.png)

Reviewer: Please give a descriptive image caption.

Output should look like:

![Image](./algos_a1.d/AL_Detected_Green_Circles.png)

*P2*: Print out the image you were originally provided and place it far
away from the ZED camera. Use the python ZED API and your code from P1
to estimate the distance from the stereo camera to the target. Print
this distance out.

**Helpful Info**:

> - The ZED cameras can be found in room 701.

Reviewer: Let's leave this out as it's not applicable outside of our lab for others to make use of.

- [How to use OpenCV with the ZED](https://www.stereolabs.com/docs/opencv/python)
- [Depth Stabilization Parameters](https://www.stereolabs.com/docs/depth-sensing/depth-settings)

> *P3*: Once you are detecting the proper shape and the distance from it,

Reviewer: I would turn each problem into an appropriate markdown heading.

measure the distance using a tape measure from the left lens of the zed
to the object. Report the percent error of the true distance (tape
measurer) and the estimated distance (your answer from P2).

> **Note**: Note: If the ZED is giving inaccurate readings that is because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If the ZED is giving inaccurate readings that is because
```
Also check to see if mdBook has a proper note block, if not, lets markdown quote indent this.

> **Note**: Note: If the ZED is giving inaccurate readings that is because
> it has a falloff in accuracy at close ranges so try moving the image
> back.
> https://support.stereolabs.com/hc/en-us/articles/206953039-How-does-the-ZED-work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Note: If the ZED is giving inaccurate readings that is because
it has a falloff in accuracy at close ranges so try moving the image
back.
<https://support.stereolabs.com/hc/en-us/articles/206953039-How-does-the-ZED-work>
```
I'd also rather you properly give the link a name.
